[ADD] account_payment_other_company (#177)
OCA/multi-company: account_payment_other_company/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> Odoo Accounting allows each company in a multi-company environment to register payments for their own invoices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo Accounting allows each company in a multi-company environment to register payments for their own invoices.
Some holding companies needs to be able to register a payment to a vendor bill of another company and automatically create due to's and to from's based on these transactions.

```

This module allows companies to be able to register a payment to a vendor bill of another company and 
automatically create due to's and to from's based on these transactions.

> This way comapnies can destribute their costs among different companies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way companies can distribute their costs among different companies.
```
